docs: update summary (#2642)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: README.md

# sumologic-kubernetes-collection

> This repo contains all required resources to collect data from Kubernetes clusters into Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: Made this a bit nicer, wdyt?
```suggestion
This repo contains all the necessary resources to collect observability data from Kubernetes clusters and send it to Sumo Logic.
```
